Fix: "Gotchas" in README updates (#889)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-ios: arcgis-ios-sdk-samples/Maps/Map loaded/README.md

## How it works

1. Create an `AGSMap` and add it to the `AGSMapView`.
2. Use Key-Value Observing on the `AGSMap`'s `loadStatus` property to determine when the status has changed.

> The `AGSLoadStatus` is `loaded` when any of the following criteria are met:

Reviewer: The type (`AGSLoadStatus`) doesn't have a value, so this should either be:

```suggestion
The load status is `loaded` when any of the following criteria are met:
```

Or: 

```suggestion
The value of the `loadStatus` property is `loaded` when any of the following criteria are met:
```
